Fix #8961 (Add option 'Use only selected features' to DXF export) (#8995)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/managing_data_source/create_layers.rst

  
Optionally, you can also choose to:

* |unchecked| :guilabel:`Use the layer title as name if set` instead of the

>   layer name itself (a layer title can be set in the
>   :ref:`vector_properties_dialog`);

Reviewer: What do you think about precisely indicate the location. the vector properties chapter is huge.
```suggestion
  layer name itself: the title is taken from the :ref:`metadata <vectormetadatamenu>`
  or :ref:`server <vectorservermenu>` properties of the layer;
```

Author: Even better!
